PR for Release 2.4.0 (#446)
nf-core/smrnaseq: docs/usage.md

### Full samplesheet

The pipeline will auto-detect whether a sample is single- or paired-end using the information provided in the samplesheet. The samplesheet must have at least 2 columns (`sample` and `fastq1`). A third column can be added if the sample is paired-end (`fastq2`).

> [!NOTE]

> > Most of the tools used can't accommodate paired end reads, so whenever paired-end samples are used as inputs, the R1 and R2 reads are concatenated into a single fastq file by the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Most of the tools used can't accommodate paired end reads, so whenever paired-end samples are used as inputs, only the R1 files are used by the pipeline.
```
